d:\users\jason\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Schools\Schools\bin\ApplicationInsights.config
d:\users\jason\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Schools\Schools\bin\Schools.dll.config
d:\users\jason\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Schools\Schools\bin\Schools.dll
d:\users\jason\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Schools\Schools\bin\Schools.pdb
d:\users\jason\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Schools\Schools\bin\Microsoft.AI.Agent.Intercept.dll
d:\users\jason\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Schools\Schools\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.dll
d:\users\jason\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Schools\Schools\bin\Microsoft.AI.PerfCounterCollector.dll
d:\users\jason\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Schools\Schools\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.dll
d:\users\jason\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Schools\Schools\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.dll
d:\users\jason\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Schools\Schools\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.dll
d:\users\jason\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Schools\Schools\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.dll
d:\users\jason\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Schools\Schools\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.xml
d:\users\jason\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Schools\Schools\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.xml
d:\users\jason\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Schools\Schools\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.xml
d:\users\jason\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Schools\Schools\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.xml
d:\users\jason\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Schools\Schools\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.xml
d:\users\jason\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Schools\Schools\obj\Debug\Schools.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
d:\users\jason\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Schools\Schools\obj\Debug\Schools.dll
d:\users\jason\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Schools\Schools\obj\Debug\Schools.pdb
d:\users\jason\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Schools\Schools\bin\SchoolsDB.dll
d:\users\jason\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Schools\Schools\bin\EntityFramework.dll
d:\users\jason\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Schools\Schools\bin\SchoolsDB.pdb
d:\users\jason\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Schools\Schools\bin\EntityFramework.xml
